add seamless auth option (#28)
mondaycom/monday-graphql-api: packages/api/README.md

## Important

> All exported types correspond to the current version when the npm version got released

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All exported types correspond to the stable version of the API that existed when the NPM package was released```
